I have worked with David for roughly six months as the supervisor of his undergraduate astronomy research project at the University of Hawaii. My work with David has focused on using neural networks to estimate the flux from sources in submillimeter maps of the sky, with the hope of outperforming traditional aperture-based estimates.  David is bright and able to pick up new concepts quickly.  He had essentially no experience working with neural networks prior to the start of our project together, and also very little familiarity with submillimeter observations.  He quickly learned the basics, and was already generating results with the basic network that I set up within a week or two of starting the project.  I am very impressed by David's programming and general computer abilities.  He clearly has a knack for computational work, and is a better coder than several graduate students I have worked with.  He was able to learn to use GitHub remarkably quickly, and now regularly uses it to share his code with me.  David has a strong drive to make progress on our project together, and regularly completes the tasks that we discuss before our weekly meetings.  With little guidance on my part, David wrote an essentially complete draft of a paper describing his results that has not needed significant revision.


David is personable, friendly, and easy to talk to.  His behavior in a research context is professional and mature, and compares very well to other undergraduate students I have worked with.  It is difficult for me to assess how he works with others, as our project together has not involved anyone else.  However, I have been impressed by his interactions with me.

David has exhibited several qualities that make strong graduate students: technical skill in computing, determination to investigate a challenging research problem and surmount obstacles, and an ability to communicate effectively.  David's interests and abilities seem very well suited for computer-intensive research. 


https://ipsi1.uwayapply.com/chu/snuglobal/?CHA=4
